---
Brief: Project Definition for the Dynamic Render feature proof-of-concept.
---
# Overview
## Problem
We need to render an unknowable, growing number of different kinds of character sheets and system-specific info boxes without increasing complexity of the core application. 

## Goal
To automatically render XML and CSS with a dynamic component that is able to handle fetching the XML & CSS and data, render to the user, and update accordingly when it is changed.

## Purpose
To give us a reusable component that we can use for any system-specific content, character, or NPC, as well as something that can be accessed safely by uses to create their own custom content. 

## Scope
### Within Scope
- Create a component `<DynamicRender />` that takes in some few arguments
- Have the DynamicRender component render an object based on the input
- Have the DynamicRender change behavior based on what it is rendering
- It should render data and execute Javascript safely and efficiently
- Character data should be pulled from and saved to LocalStorage
- XML and CSS should be pulled from hardcoded locations
- Implementing a webworker to process data and execute Javascript safely

### Out of Scope
- Database connections and calls
- Socket connections to games

## Acceptance Criteria
A user is able to:
- Go to a `/characters` page
- create a new character in Local Storage
- open that character into a hardcoded PF2-ish character sheet
- edit the character 
- have the character save automatically in LocalStorage
- Open that same character and have the changes persist

---

# Risks, Constraints, Assumptions
## Risks
**Possibility of Arbitrary Javascript Execution**

By executing Javascript from the given XML, we could be allowing malicious users to save XML that executes some harmful action. 

To resolve this, we will be sandboxing any and all Javascript code defined by the XML sheets within a whitelisted Web Worker. 

**LocalStorage is not accessible**
A user's Local Storage may not be accessible, either due to being disabled by the user, or by us having reached the Local Storage quota allowance. 

We will need to keep this in mind when accessing the local storage. This error should be handled by anything attempting to store to local storage, but we should have a simple check that verifies that we can store a single byte such that we can display a warning. 

## Constraints
**No Database Connection**
Including a database would involve extra state management and handling that we shouldn't need to spend time concerned about at the moment. Instead, we'll be using Local Storage for fetching and holding data, as that is a feature we want and will be simpler to perform

**No Auth Needed**
We shouldn't need to worry if authentication exists for the current user. This feature assumes that all users are not logged in at the moment. 

**Hardcoded XML & Content**
We will be pulling XML, CSS, and Content (if needed) from hardcoded sources. This allows for a standalone product without needing a database layer, better allowing for a proof-of-concept.

---

# Questions
## Implement Web Workers?
Do we want to spend time implementing Web Workers for this project? While necessary, they would increase time taken to finish the proof-of-concept. 

**Yes**. Not only will we need them in the future, but we already have the code for how they work (generally) right now in archive. 

---

# Tasks
## Basic Character Page
Create a basic page at `/characters` that will serve as a landing page for interacting with this new feature.

## Create & List Characters from LocalStorage
We want to create a list of characters from LocalStorage. This will likely necessitate a useLocalStorage hook as we need this to be stateful.

## Create initial DynamicRender component
Create the initial DynamicRender component. This should take in the character ID and be able to connect to the local storage component to render some small information about the character.

## Static XML Controller
Create a static XML controller that loads the XML in from a hardcoded file. Additionally, create the associated factories for being able to generate it or other types of XML Controllers

## Simple Element Implementation
Create all simple elements -- form, interaction, styling -- used for creating a DynamicRender

## Loop Implementation
Create an implementation of a loop over some values for a character. 